$$start$$Url: https://in.pycon.org/2024/
Info: PyCon India 2024 Skip to main content About Our Team Mentors & Reviewers FAQ Health & Safety Child Care Scholarships Diversity & Inclusions Jobs Board Schedule Venue About Venue About Bengaluru Exhibitor Guide Program Program Guide Speakers Lightning Talks Open Spaces & BoFs Devsprint Sponsors CoC Code of Conduct policy Reporting Guide Blog NOTE: There are no On-Spot Tickets available! PyCon India 2024 is the premier conference for Python enthusiasts and professionals, offering an unparalleled opportunity to dive deep into the world of Python and explore its limitless potential. Stay tuned for updates! Schedule Program Guide DevSprints PyCon India 2024 20 Sep - 23 Sep NIMHANS Convention Centre, Bengaluru PyCon India 2024 is the premier conference for Python enthusiasts and professionals, offering an unparalleled opportunity to dive deep into the world of python and explore its limitless potentials. Keynote Speakers Kovid Goyal Creator, Calibre and Kitty Usha Rengaraju AI Developer and Autism Advocate James Powell Don't Use This Code NumFOCUS/PyData Mars Lee Technical Instructor PyData Event Sponsors PyCon India is completely driven by volunteers. Sponsoring the event helps to sustain and grow the conference as well as the Community. Sponsor help in making the conference affordable, and maintaining the inventory for the conference. DOWNLOAD PROSPECTUS PLATINUM GOLD SILVER ASSOCIATE Participating Communities Twitter Wall Skip twitter embed SEE MORE PyCon India 2024 . 20th Sep - 23rd Sep, 2024 . NIMHANS Convention Centre, Bengaluru . PyCon India 2024 . 20th Sep - 23rd Sep, 2024 . NIMHANS Convention Centre, Bengaluru . PyCon India 2024 . 20th Sep - 23rd Sep, 2024 . NIMHANS Convention Centre, Bengaluru . PyCon India 2024 . 20th Sep - 23rd Sep, 2024 . NIMHANS Convention Centre, Bengaluru . Contact us on BECOME A VOLUNTEER Copyright @ 2024 PyCon India 
$$start$$Url: https://in.pycon.org
Info: PyCon India 2024 Skip to main content About Our Team Mentors & Reviewers FAQ Health & Safety Child Care Scholarships Diversity & Inclusions Jobs Board Schedule Venue About Venue About Bengaluru Exhibitor Guide Program Program Guide Speakers Lightning Talks Open Spaces & BoFs Devsprint Sponsors CoC Code of Conduct policy Reporting Guide Blog NOTE: There are no On-Spot Tickets available! PyCon India 2024 is the premier conference for Python enthusiasts and professionals, offering an unparalleled opportunity to dive deep into the world of Python and explore its limitless potential. Stay tuned for updates! Schedule Program Guide DevSprints PyCon India 2024 20 Sep - 23 Sep NIMHANS Convention Centre, Bengaluru PyCon India 2024 is the premier conference for Python enthusiasts and professionals, offering an unparalleled opportunity to dive deep into the world of python and explore its limitless potentials. Keynote Speakers Kovid Goyal Creator, Calibre and Kitty Usha Rengaraju AI Developer and Autism Advocate James Powell Don't Use This Code NumFOCUS/PyData Mars Lee Technical Instructor PyData Event Sponsors PyCon India is completely driven by volunteers. Sponsoring the event helps to sustain and grow the conference as well as the Community. Sponsor help in making the conference affordable, and maintaining the inventory for the conference. DOWNLOAD PROSPECTUS PLATINUM GOLD SILVER ASSOCIATE Participating Communities Twitter Wall Skip twitter embed SEE MORE PyCon India 2024 . 20th Sep - 23rd Sep, 2024 . NIMHANS Convention Centre, Bengaluru . PyCon India 2024 . 20th Sep - 23rd Sep, 2024 . NIMHANS Convention Centre, Bengaluru . PyCon India 2024 . 20th Sep - 23rd Sep, 2024 . NIMHANS Convention Centre, Bengaluru . PyCon India 2024 . 20th Sep - 23rd Sep, 2024 . NIMHANS Convention Centre, Bengaluru . Contact us on BECOME A VOLUNTEER Copyright @ 2024 PyCon India 
$$start$$Url: https://in.pycon.org/2024/about/
Info: About PyCon India 2024 Skip to main content About Our Team Mentors & Reviewers FAQ Health & Safety Child Care Scholarships Diversity & Inclusions Jobs Board Schedule Venue About Venue About Bengaluru Exhibitor Guide Program Program Guide Speakers Lightning Talks Open Spaces & BoFs Devsprint Sponsors CoC Code of Conduct policy Reporting Guide Blog The Origin Story About PyCon India 2024 PyCon India is a volunteer driven conference. Like every year, we need enthusiastic and driven volunteer drive to make PyCon India successful. Team Kumar Anirudha Chair Nabarun Pal Co-Chair Bhavin Gandhi Co-Chair Koti Vellanki Diversity WG Lead Dr. Muralidharan Murugesan CFP WG Co-Lead Praveen Patil CFP WG Co-Lead Akashnil Roy Communication WG Lead Bharat Saraswat Technology WG Lead Abhishek Mishra Sponsorship WG Lead Ananyo Maiti Platform WG Lead Bibhas Debnath Logistics WG Lead Aravind Sekar Design WG Lead Pratik Anurag Volunteer Management WG Lead Nikhil Maan Content WG Lead Rayan Das Finance WG Lead Kalyan Prasad Review Team Sayan Chowdhury Event Ops Vamsi Technology Team Ritesh Sponsorship Team Suman Ghosh Sponsorship Team Arka Saha Platform Team Shailaja Diversity Team Bowrna Diversity Team Arjun Design Team Haris Content Team SaptakS Web Pranav Puri Logistics Team Farhaan Bukhsh DevSprint Lead Arockiaraj Rayappan CFP Team Benison Abraham CFP Team Mayur Patil CFP Team Pavan CFP Team Lavanya Jain CFP Team Akshay Mentorship Shadow Lead Mayank Khanduja Mentorship Team Riya Communication Team Akshit Communication Team Ashok Communication Team Chandan Code of Conduct Committee Samarpita Logistics Team Shilpi Code of Conduct Committee Shabnam Design Team Ashish Kumar Mishra Volunteer Management Team Anshuman Event Ops Surbhi Kathuria Event Ops Felix Stephen Anthuvan Event Ops Tushar Sadhwani Event Ops Paritosh Mishra Event Ops Mahendra Yadav Event Ops Alagu Prakalya Event Ops Cvam Event Ops Nilesh Kumar Patel Event Ops Join PyCon India Zulip Contact us on BECOME A VOLUNTEER Copyright @ 2024 PyCon India 
$$start$$Url: https://in.pycon.org/2024/mentors-reviewers/
Info: Mentors & Reviewers of PyCon India 2024 Skip to main content About Our Team Mentors & Reviewers FAQ Health & Safety Child Care Scholarships Diversity & Inclusions Jobs Board Schedule Venue About Venue About Bengaluru Exhibitor Guide Program Program Guide Speakers Lightning Talks Open Spaces & BoFs Devsprint Sponsors CoC Code of Conduct policy Reporting Guide Blog Honoring Our Supporters Speaker Mentors and Proposal Reviewers At PyCon India 2024, our reviewers and mentors are vital to our success. Their expertise improves talk quality and enriches the conference experience. We deeply appreciate their contributions. Mentors & Reviewers Abhijit Gadgil Mentor & CFP Reviewer Abhiram Ramesh CFP Reviewer Abhishek Kumar Mentor Adrian Vladu CFP Reviewer Anant Shrivastava CFP Reviewer Ananyo Maiti CFP Reviewer Archana Iyer CFP Reviewer Arko Sabui CFP Reviewer Aroma Rodrigues Mentor Clement Verna CFP Reviewer Devi A S L Mentor Girish Joshi CFP Reviewer Indira Muralidharan CFP Reviewer Jaidev Deshpande Mentor Kalyan Prasad CFP Reviewer Karandeep Johar CFP Reviewer Nabarun Pal CFP Reviewer Pavan Govindaraju CFP Reviewer Pradhvan Bisht Mentor & CFP Reviewer Praveen Patil CFP Reviewer Raman Balyan Mentor & CFP Reviewer Sagar Dawda CFP Reviewer Sahil Dua CFP Reviewer Santhosh Solomon CFP Reviewer Sasidhar Donaparthi Mentor Snehith CFP Reviewer Sukanya Mandal CFP Reviewer Usha Rengaraju CFP Reviewer Join PyCon India Zulip Contact us on BECOME A VOLUNTEER Copyright @ 2024 PyCon India 
$$start$$Url: https://in.pycon.org/2024/faq/
Info: Frequently Asked Questions Skip to main content About Our Team Mentors & Reviewers FAQ Health & Safety Child Care Scholarships Diversity & Inclusions Jobs Board Schedule Venue About Venue About Bengaluru Exhibitor Guide Program Program Guide Speakers Lightning Talks Open Spaces & BoFs Devsprint Sponsors CoC Code of Conduct policy Reporting Guide Blog Frequently Asked Questions What is PyCon India? ¶ PyCon India is the annual gathering of Pythonistas, run by the Indian Python community, to foster the adoption of the Python programming language. PyCon India 2024, will take place in Bengaluru, between 20 Sept - 23 Sept. This will be the 15th edition of the conference. The conference days will be divided into the following events: ¶ September 20, 2024: Workshops ¶ Workshops will be 3-hour-long interactive sessions where attendees can learn by doing. Workshops will be held on September 20, 2024 across two morning & evening sessions. We may have up to 3 parallel workshops in each session. The morning session will run from 10:00 AM to 1:00 PM. The evening session will run from 2:00 PM to 5:00 PM. September 21 - September 22, 2024: Talks, Poster sessions, Lightning Talks, Open Spaces, Sponsor Booths ¶ Talks: Talks will be where people do a 30 min talk, on a topic. These talks are selected through a CFP process, before the event. Talks will be held across the morning & evening sessions on September 21, 2024 and September 22, 2024. We may have up to 4 parallel tracks of talks in each session. The morning session will run from 10:00 AM to 1:00 PM. The evening session will run from 2:00 PM to 6:00 PM. Poster session: Poster session is a 1-hour session during which presenters use a graphic poster and a laptop to present their topic. Open spaces: Open spaces are where people have informal presentations and discussions alongside the talk tracks. Open spaces slots can be booked at the venue, on the day of the event. Lightning talks: Lightning talks is a 1-hour session. Lightning talks are rapid 5-minute presentations, presented to the entire conference crowd, a great way to get a message across to the entire audience. Sponsor booths: Sponsor booths are where you can meet companies supporting the conference. These companies use Python and are looking for Python developers. You can visit their booths to get to know more about them, and the openings in their organization. September 23, 2024: Devsprints ¶ During the Devsprints, people contribute to open-source projects, guided by mentors. This is a nice way to get started with contributing to Python and other open-source projects. General FAQ ¶ Where can I find updates related to PyCon India 2024? ¶ All announcements related to the conference are posted to the PyCon India Announce mailing list. If you would like to volunteer, and contribute to the organization of PyCon India, join the InPyCon mailing list. We also have a presence on social media. All our announcements are posted on our X, LinkedIn, and Facebook pages. I want to present at the conference. What should I do? ¶ The call for Proposals is now open. Please visit the CFP page to submit your talk/workshop/ proposal. I am a first-time speaker & need some help in getting started. What should I do? ¶ Check out the Speaker best practices to understand more about the process. For any doubts, feel free to reach out to us! I want to volunteer for the conference. What should I do? ¶ You can fill out the volunteer form and subscribe to the InPyCon mailing list for updates. Will the Internet and WiFi setup be good enough for a large crowd? Should I get a data card? ¶ We try really hard to arrange good Internet at the venue. Most of the time it is adequate. However, the unpredictable amount of usage during the event sometimes causes problems. So it is fine if you don’t carry a data card, but there is no harm in being prepared for the worst. Ticketing FAQ ¶ Ticketing ¶ Tickets for PyCon India 2024 are available on Konfhub, our Ticketing and Finance Partner. Get your tickets here. Cancellation Policy ¶ In the unfortunate event where people cannot attend the Conference they can cancel their ticket by sending an email to tickets@in.pycon.org. This will enable us to open tickets for others interested in attending the conference. Cancellation is subject to Terms and Conditions mentioned below. Ticketing team will process the Cancellation and the amount will be refunded to the original payment method. Cancellations requests will be accepted till 25th August 2024, 23.59 IST. Terms and Conditions: Due to compliance reasons we won't be able to process cancellations for participants claiming GST in their purchases. Please reach out to tickets@in.pycon.org for further assistance. Cancellation will incur a small cancellation fee equivalent to 4% of ticket charges incurred as a part of platform fees. Transfer Policy ¶ In case you already know someone whom you want to Transfer your ticket you can put a Transfer request by sending an email to tickets@in.pycon.org. Please note that you need to take care of collecting the ticket price from the person whom you are transferring the ticket. PyCon India team is not responsible for managing the transfer of the ticket price. We only facilitate the ticket transfer. Keep the person in CC whom you want to transfer your ticket and mention the following details of the person to whom ticket is to be transferred Name Email Contact Number Designation Years of Experience Organisation City T shirt size Our Ticketing Team will take care of the Transfer. Transfer requests will be accepted till 11th September 2024, 23.59 IST. I am a speaker/volunteer at the conference. Do I need to buy a ticket? ¶ Yes. At PyCon India, everybody buys tickets. Even the event organizers buy tickets. Your ticket helps keep the event affordable for all. What does the Conference   ticket include? ¶ A full conference pass for two days that includes access to all keynotes, talks, poster sessions, lightning talks, and open spaces. Lunch High-Tea and Snacks PyCon India T-shirt and goodies Is there a different ticket for the Workshops? ¶ Yes. A separate ticket has to be purchased for each workshop. The following is included as part of the workshop ticket: Access to the specific workshop Lunch High-Tea and Snacks Access to Kid's engagement   at the Venue Is there a different ticket for the Devsprints? ¶ TBD Is accommodation included in the ticket? ¶ No, it doesn’t include accommodation. Would there be any spot registration at the venue? ¶ Yes, there will be a limited number of spot registrations on a first-come-first basis available at the conference venue. But the goodies are subject to availability. Can I switch between workshops during the session? ¶ No. Each track is planned at its full capacity. Contact Us ¶ For general queries: contact@in.pycon.org For ticket queries: tickets@in.pycon.org Zulip Chat: https://pyconindia.zulipchat.com/ Contact us on BECOME A VOLUNTEER Copyright @ 2024 PyCon India 
$$start$$Url: https://in.pycon.org/2024/health-safety-guidelines/
Info: Health & Safety Guidelines Skip to main content About Our Team Mentors & Reviewers FAQ Health & Safety Child Care Scholarships Diversity & Inclusions Jobs Board Schedule Venue About Venue About Bengaluru Exhibitor Guide Program Program Guide Speakers Lightning Talks Open Spaces & BoFs Devsprint Sponsors CoC Code of Conduct policy Reporting Guide Blog Health & Safety Guidelines COVID-19 ¶ PyCon India is an international event, and we have attendees travelling from all around the globe. The world is still under the grasp on the COVID-19 pandemic, and from the lessons from the past conference around the globe, we know that conferences are a place where there is a high-change of communicating the disease. We love that people bring their unique perspectives -- but they also bring their local germs and Covid strains. We want PyCon India to be an event that everyone feels safe attending - therefore we are putting out this document for the attendees to follow during their time at PyCon India. Vaccination ¶ We strongly recommend to take the latest vacinnation boosters, and all attendees should be vaccinated. Please keep the your vaccine certificate handy incase asked for during the conference by the organizers. We also suggest you to monitor WHO travel advice or the local COVID-19 travel advisory. Masks during conference ¶ We highly recommend you to wear mask during the conference. This would help you to stay safe while attending the talks, workshops, and devsprints. It's also recommended to wear them at the venue. Masks must be worn over the nose and mouth and must be made of a tight-knit, non-permeable material. N95 or equivalent masks such as KN95 or K95 are recommended. Rapid COVID-19 tests ¶ We encourage PyCon India attendees to use at-home, antigen, or rapid tests before arriving and during the event. If you feel sick, exhibit COVID-19 symptoms, or test positive for COVID-19 before or during the conference, you should not attend the event. Dengue ¶ Dengue is spread to people through the bite of an infected mosquito. Mosquitoes bite during the day and night. There is no widely available dengue vaccine to prevent dengue infection. The best way to prevent dengue is to protect yourself from mosquito bites. The State of Karnataka declared Dengue to be epidemic, and asked to take enough precautions. We recommend you to: Use insect repellent. Wear loose-fitting, long-sleeved shirts and pants. Take steps to control mosquitoes in and around place of stay. The PyCon India 2024 team will keep a watch on COVID-19, Dengue related news, and will update this page for more updates, if required. Attendees are requested to keep an eye on the page for updates. PyCon India reserves the right to increase the requirements of this policy based on news from as reported by the disease control agencies and in case of emergency situations. We may also be required to alter our policy to conform with local, state, or central mandates. Contact us on BECOME A VOLUNTEER Copyright @ 2024 PyCon India 
$$start$$Url: https://in.pycon.org/2024/childcare/
Info: Child Care Skip to main content About Our Team Mentors & Reviewers FAQ Health & Safety Child Care Scholarships Diversity & Inclusions Jobs Board Schedule Venue About Venue About Bengaluru Exhibitor Guide Program Program Guide Speakers Lightning Talks Open Spaces & BoFs Devsprint Sponsors CoC Code of Conduct policy Reporting Guide Blog Child Care PyCon India 2024 is proud to announce that we will again be offering childcare during the main conference days. We have selected Childhood Childcare as our service provider in Bangalore, India. We would really like to thank Python Software Foundation for sponsoring the Childcare costs for all the children. Space is limited, so be sure to sign-up for childcare soon and registration is mandatory for availing the chilicare facility. When: 21st & 22nd of September 2024 Time: 8:00am – 6:00pm Where: NIMHANS Convention Center, Banglaore Cost: NIL, Registration is now open Includes: Lunch & Snacks Ages: 2 to 12 years old Children will have access to a range of games, toys, books, art, music and other activities while in care. Note: Each child will be signed in and out Photo identity for check-in and check out Contact us on BECOME A VOLUNTEER Copyright @ 2024 PyCon India 
$$start$$Url: https://in.pycon.org/2024/scholarship/
Info: Scholarship Skip to main content About Our Team Mentors & Reviewers FAQ Health & Safety Child Care Scholarships Diversity & Inclusions Jobs Board Schedule Venue About Venue About Bengaluru Exhibitor Guide Program Program Guide Speakers Lightning Talks Open Spaces & BoFs Devsprint Sponsors CoC Code of Conduct policy Reporting Guide Blog Scholarship PyCon India 2024 Scholarships is a need-based scholarship for Speakers, Students, or Attendees to attend PyCon India. Scholarships will be provided after reviewing the needs of the attendees and the impact generated. A panel of reviewers will assess each request and approve the grants. Applicant information will be kept confidential. Scholarship recipients will receive Travel and Accommodation support for attending the conference. The travel grant will be based on two-way 3AC train journey fare and hotel accommodation amount equivalent to 3 nights. The maximum amount admissible is INR 10,000. The mode of payment for the grants will be communicated to respective recipients on selection and will be approved on providing actual invoices. We recommend that attendees book their Travel and Accommodation anyway instead of waiting for the selection notification. Please fill this form with all relevant details. Deadline ¶ The deadline to apply for the scholarship is 10th Sept, 23:59 IST. Notification ¶ Selected applicants will be informed by 13th Sept. Reimbursement Policy ¶ Attendance is required to receive reimbursement. If our ticketing platform does not show you as 'checked-in', you will need to provide proof of attendance. Reimbursement will be up to the amount specified in your acceptance email. Policy violations include  : Submitting receipts for reimbursement if you did not attend. Applying with multiple or alias emails. Submitting falsified or fake receipts violates the code of conduct and may result in a ban from future events. Any other abuse of the system. Eligible Receipts for Reimbursement ¶ Receipts: A scan or photo of the actual receipt/invoice/bill is required. Receipts must clearly show the date and amount  . Book refundable travel. Receipts will not be reimbursed if you are unable to attend the event and have booked non-refundable travel. Accommodation charges: A maximum of 2 nights is covered. We will reimburse accommodations within the event dates and one day before or after, i.e., from the 21st to the 23rd or 20th to 22nd. We will not reimburse any services other than the stay, like hotel WiFi, in-room services, beverages etc. Ground transportation charges: Bus, metro, taxi, and ride shares to/from the airport, train, or bus station   are eligible for reimbursement. Reasonable commute from accommodation to/from the event will be reimbursable. Miscellaneous expenses: Any expenses outside the categories mentioned above, such as add-ons, seat upgrades, meals, etc., will not be reimbursed. Process for Reimbursement ¶ You will receive an email with instructions for submitting your expense report after the event. The expense report and receipts must be submitted within the timeline provided in the post-event email. If not received within this timeline, reimbursement cannot be processed. You will receive the amount post-approval of your report. The maximum amount that can be reimbursed is the one mentioned in your scholarship approval email. Some parts of this page are based on LF Travel Fund Policies. Contact us on BECOME A VOLUNTEER Copyright @ 2024 PyCon India 
$$start$$Url: https://in.pycon.org/2024/diversity-inclusion/
Info: Diversity & Inclusion Skip to main content About Our Team Mentors & Reviewers FAQ Health & Safety Child Care Scholarships Diversity & Inclusions Jobs Board Schedule Venue About Venue About Bengaluru Exhibitor Guide Program Program Guide Speakers Lightning Talks Open Spaces & BoFs Devsprint Sponsors CoC Code of Conduct policy Reporting Guide Blog Diversity & Inclusion PyCon India 2024: Fostering Diversity and Inclusion This page will be regularly updated with new information and resources. We invite you to visit it frequently to stay updated on our accessibility initiatives. PyCon India 2024 is not just a conference; it's a community where every voice is valued and celebrated. We believe that diversity and inclusion are fundamental pillars that make the Python community vibrant, innovative, and welcoming. Our goal for PyCon India 2024 is to create a space where everyone, regardless of their background, has the opportunity to learn, share, and grow in a supportive environment. Why Diversity and Inclusion Matter at PyCon India ¶ The strength of the Python community lies in its diversity. We recognize that diverse perspectives bring unique insights and creativity, driving innovation and problem-solving. By fostering an inclusive culture, we aim to provide an equitable platform where everyone feels comfortable, empowered, and valued. At PyCon India 2024, we are committed to creating an environment that encourages participation from people of all races, ethnicities, genders, sexual orientations, abilities, socioeconomic statuses, religions, and cultures. This is not just about compliance but about building a thriving community where every individual has the chance to contribute and benefit. Our Initiatives to Promote Diversity and Inclusion ¶ To ensure that PyCon India 2024 is a welcoming experience for all, we are implementing several initiatives: Scholarships ¶ We will provide scholarships to individuals from underrepresented groups who might otherwise face financial barriers to attending PyCon India. This includes support for conference registration, travel, and accommodation for students and others. Learn more about our scholarships Accessiblility ¶ We recognize accessibility as an important part of making the conference more inclusive. Even though it's not perfect, we have tried to take certain steps towards making the conference more accessible. Accessible Venue: We have chosen a venue that is accessible for all, including those with mobility impairments. We are committed to making PyCon India 2024 a comfortable and enjoyable experience for everyone. Venue Information Talks: We have guided our speakers on how to deliver more accessible and inclusive talks. Though the talks won't have live-captioning, we will try our best to provide closed-captioning when the recorded talks are uploaded. Website: We have aimed to make our website Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.2 compliant, making it accessible using various assistive technologies. If you noticed any errors, please create an issue regarding the same, and we will try our best to resolve it. Inclusive Content ¶ Our speaker lineup will reflect a wide range of perspectives and expertise. We encourage talk proposals from individuals across all experience levels and backgrounds, ensuring a diverse set of topics that cater to the interests of our community. Safe and Supportive Environment ¶ PyCon India 2024 will adhere to a strict Code of Conduct that promotes a safe, inclusive, and harassment-free conference experience for everyone. Our dedicated team will be on hand to provide support and address any concerns during the event. Code of Conduct Health & Safety Guidelines Networking Opportunities ¶ We will host various networking events and sessions designed to facilitate interactions among attendees from different backgrounds. These activities will help build lasting connections, share knowledge, and celebrate the diversity that makes the Python community so special. Child Care ¶ We understand that one of the challenges parents face while attending conferences is arranging child care. PyCon India 2024 is providing an on-site child care service to support parents and guardians. This initiative ensures that parents can fully participate in the conference activities, knowing their children are safe, engaged, and well cared for. Learn more about Child Care PyLadies Lunch at PyCon India 2024 ¶ We are happy to host the PyLadies Lunch at PyCon India 2024, a special event for women and gender minorities in the Python community. This lunch is a chance to meet, share experiences, and connect in a friendly setting. It is a great way to find support, learn from others, and talk about topics that matter to you. We invite all women and gender minorities at PyCon India 2024 to join us and be part of a community that values diversity and inclusion in tech. How You Can Get Involved ¶ Your participation and support are crucial in making PyCon India 2024 a truly inclusive event. Here are some ways you can get involved: Mentorship Program ¶ Our mentorship program was designed to support all members of our community, whether they were speaking or submitting a workshop for the first time or seasoned speakers looking for feedback. This year, we successfully provided mentorship to many speakers, helping them refine their slides, improve their presentation skills, and deliver impactful talks and workshops at PyCon India 2024. We reached out to industry professionals and experts who have delivered multiple talks and workshops at various conferences, covering the proposal categories mentioned in our Call for Proposals  . These categories included Python in Platform Engineering, Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning, Python on Hardware, Community, Core Python, Python in Education and Research, Python in Web and Applications, and more. Based on these categories, we identified suitable mentors and scheduled sessions to support speakers in need of guidance. If you’re interested in becoming a mentor in the future, keep an eye out for our next call for mentors. You can apply by filling out the mentorship form with your experience and details. Our mentorship team carefully reviews these applications to onboard individuals who can help build a supportive learning environment for our community, ensuring that every speaker has the tools and confidence needed to succeed. Volunteers ¶ Help us make PyCon India 2024 an event where everyone feels welcome and included. Volunteering is a great way to give back to the community and make a positive impact. Spread the Word ¶ Help us reach a wider audience by sharing information about PyCon India 2024 and our diversity and inclusion initiatives within your networks. Join Us in Building an Inclusive Python Community ¶ We invite you to be a part of PyCon India 2024, where diversity is celebrated, and inclusion is at the heart of our mission. Together, we can create a welcoming and enriching environment where everyone feels empowered to contribute, learn, and grow. Let's make PyCon India 2024 a memorable and inspiring experience for all. Join us in building a community that truly reflects the diverse world we live in. For more details about our diversity and inclusion initiatives, visit PyCon India 2024. We are proud to have provided scholarships to many individuals this year, supporting a community where every Pythonista can grow, connect, and inspire others! Contact us on BECOME A VOLUNTEER Copyright @ 2024 PyCon India 
$$start$$Url: https://in.pycon.org/2024/jobs/
Info: Skip to main content About Our Team Mentors & Reviewers FAQ Health & Safety Child Care Scholarships Diversity & Inclusions Jobs Board Schedule Venue About Venue About Bengaluru Exhibitor Guide Program Program Guide Speakers Lightning Talks Open Spaces & BoFs Devsprint Sponsors CoC Code of Conduct policy Reporting Guide Blog Job Board Submit your job posting here Check out the rules and guidelines No jobs at the moment, come back and check again in a few hours... Contact us on BECOME A VOLUNTEER Copyright @ 2024 PyCon India 
$$start$$Url: https://in.pycon.org/2024/schedule/
Info: PyCon India 2024 Schedule Skip to main content About Our Team Mentors & Reviewers FAQ Health & Safety Child Care Scholarships Diversity & Inclusions Jobs Board Schedule Venue About Venue About Bengaluru Exhibitor Guide Program Program Guide Speakers Lightning Talks Open Spaces & BoFs Devsprint Sponsors CoC Code of Conduct policy Reporting Guide Blog Schedule Workshop day Sept. 20th Friday Conference day 1 Sept. 21st Saturday Conference day 2 Sept. 22nd Sunday Workshop Day Breakfast 08:30 - 10:00 10:00 - 13:00 Track 1 Chat with Tables: Developing Q&A system on Tabular data using Code Generative LLMs   10:00 - 13:00 Track 2 Python-Powered Algorithmic Trading: From Theory to Practice   10:00 - 13:00 Track 3 Creating Low Cost Sensor dataloggers with Python and Microcontrollers   Lunch 13:00 - 14:00 14:00 - 17:00 Track 1 Introduction to data-driven AI applications and multi-modal search   14:00 - 17:00 Track 2 Hands-on exercises to experience how compiler technology can be useful to speedup data processing in python   14:00 - 17:00 Track 3 From Zero to Backend Hero: Creating Full-Featured Apps with FastAPI   CONFERENCE DAY 1 Registrations / Breakfast 07:30 - 09:00 Opening Address 09:00 - 09:15 Keynote Kovid Goyal 09:30 - 10:30 Tea Break 10:30 - 11:00 11:00 - 11:30 Track 1 Unveiling the Private: Federated Learning and Model Compression for Secure AI at the Edge Gautam Jajoo 11:00 - 11:30 Track 2 Live Coding: Building a Unit Testing Library like Pytest Bhavani Ravi 11:00 - 11:30 Track 3 Transforming Automotive Electronics Testing with Python and Robot Framework Vijay Kumar B 11:40 - 12:10 Track 1 TUIs Simplified: The Transformation of TUIs into User-Friendly Tools Niloth 11:40 - 12:10 Track 2 AI deployments - No Regressions. No Regrets. Shoaib Ahmed Harikrishnan Subramanian 11:40 - 12:10 Track 3 Leveraging Python and Quantum Principles for Enhanced Network Operations and Design Nivetha V 12:20 - 12:50 Track 1 Practical Guide to Celery in Production Mahesh Mahadevan 12:20 - 12:50 Track 2 Enhancing Knee X-ray Diagnostics with AI Kavya Mohan Naveen K 12:20 - 12:50 Track 3  Learning Python with 10,000 Novices Jaidev Deshpande Lunch 12:50 - 14:00 Lightning Talks 14:00 - 14:40 14:45 - 15:15 Track 1 Finding actor look-alikes with multi-modal LLMs Anand S 14:45 - 15:15 Track 2 Concurrency and parallel execution in Python and how the GIL affects it Simran Jain 14:45 - 15:15 Track 3 Build Your Own Live Streaming Device Behind Your Home Router Mrinal Raj 14:45 - 15:15 Open Spaces Tune Assistant makes LLMs Smarter Aakash Kaushik Priya Sridharan 15:25 - 15:55 Track 1 Fireside Chat on Ethics and Responsible AI 15:25 - 15:55 Track 2 Managing custom, reproducible Python virtual environments for PySpark and Jupyter Notebooks @ Uber Sayan Pal 15:25 - 15:55 Track 3 Python in the browser: my journey towards enhancing the Scientific Python ecosystem's interoperability with Pyodide Agriya Khetarpal 15:25 - 15:55 Open Spaces Everything Django High Tea 15:55 - 16:20 16:20 - 16:50 Track 1 Supercharge your Python code with the match statement Siddharta Govindaraj 16:20 - 16:50 Track 2 How HappyFox uses Python and LLMs to develop enterprise software at scale Pradeek J 16:20 - 16:50 Track 3 Big Models, Small Tweaks: Exploring the LoRA way of Fine-Tuning Preethi Srinivasan Shruti Dhavalikar Keynote Usha Rengaraju 17:00 - 18:00 Closing Address 18:00 - 18:15 CONFERENCE DAY 2 Registrations / Breakfast 08:00 - 09:00 Opening Address 09:00 - 09:15 Keynote Mars Lee 09:30 - 10:30 Tea Break 10:30 - 11:00 11:00 - 11:30 Track 1 Faster Applications: Harnessing Python with C/Zig libraries and my story of building fastest LLM tokenizer Akhil Teja 11:00 - 11:30 Track 2 PagedAttention & vLLM: Supercharging LLM Inference Performance Saikumar Dandla 11:00 - 11:30 Track 3 Deep Dive into Contextual Logging for Modern Python Applications Tapan Avasthi 11:00 - 11:30 Open Spaces TIR - AI Platrform by E2E Networks Siva Gudibandi Poster Presentation 11:00 - 11:30 11:40 - 12:10 Track 1 QuickGrpc - grpc 101 tailored towards rest devs and showcase of quickgrpc framework Ashutosh Pednekar 11:40 - 12:10 Track 2 Python and the Sun: Transforming Space Science with Open-Source Akshit Tyagi 11:40 - 12:10 Track 3 Unleashing the Power of Faster Python: Exploring Numba & Python’s JIT Compiler Milan Shet 12:20 - 12:50 Track 1 Beyond the Bot: Overcoming Pitfalls in Building Customer-Facing Chatbots Chaitanya Chinni 12:20 - 12:50 Track 2 From Code to Production: Building Scalable GenAI Applications Nadheesh Jihan 12:20 - 12:50 Track 3 Python Packaging Demystified Sasidhar Donaparthi Lunch 12:50 - 14:00 Lightning Talks 14:00 - 14:40 14:45 - 15:15 Track 1 Panel Discussion on Inclusive Leadership: Stories of Empowerment and Impact 14:45 - 15:15 Track 2 From Code to Craft: Software Engineering Principles for Python Programmers Anuj Menta 14:45 - 15:15 Track 3 Data platform for Social Impact Ishan Koradia Devi A S L 15:25 - 15:55 Track 1 Panel Discussion on Python Local User Groups in India: Keeping the Lights On 15:25 - 15:55 Track 2 Why Knowing Cython Helps in Understanding Python: A Deep Dive into Cython & PVM Abhik Sarkar 15:25 - 15:55 Track 3 Beyond Single Models: The Secret Sauce of Predictive Success Yashasvi Misra High Tea 15:55 - 16:20 16:20 - 16:50 Track 1 Asynchronous Programming for Scalable Machine Learning Pipelines in Python Animesh Dutta 16:20 - 16:50 Track 2 Database Change Management - 1000s of tables across multiple environments and 1 Alembic to rule them all Kunal Bhattacharya 16:20 - 16:50 Track 3 Enhancements made in SciPy at Quansight Labs Gagandeep Singh Keynote James Powell 17:00 - 18:00 Closing Address 18:00 - 18:15 Contact us on BECOME A VOLUNTEER Copyright @ 2024 PyCon India 
$$start$$Url: https://in.pycon.org/2024/venue/
Info: PyCon India 2024 Venue Skip to main content About Our Team Mentors & Reviewers FAQ Health & Safety Child Care Scholarships Diversity & Inclusions Jobs Board Schedule Venue About Venue About Bengaluru Exhibitor Guide Program Program Guide Speakers Lightning Talks Open Spaces & BoFs Devsprint Sponsors CoC Code of Conduct policy Reporting Guide Blog Nimhans Convention Center Nimhans Convention Center, Hosur Road, Lakkasandra, Bengaluru - 560029 Landmark: Near Dairy Circle Find Direction Getting to the Conference Venue Via Namma Metro From Green Line: Disembark at South End Circle or Lalbagh metro station. From the station, you can take a short taxi/auto ride to reach NIMHANS Convention Centre. For a list of stations on the Bengaluru Metro Green line, you can refer to Wikipedia. Green Line via Bus KIA-5D, get off at Jayanagar bus stand and NIMHANS is a few blocks away. KIA-7 to Kormangala Water Tank which is 8 mins away from NIMHANS. We're excited to welcome you to PyCon India 2024 and hope you have a fantastic experience in Bengaluru! If you have any further inquiries or need assistance, feel free to contact us at contact@in.pycon.org. Bus Timetable Located centrally in Bengaluru, the venue has 2 floors. The ground floor, has all the main tracks happening in 3 halls as per schedule. There is a booth area, community space and beverage stalls. The first floor has open spaces, poster sessions, Birds of a Feather, and more happening. Contact us on BECOME A VOLUNTEER Copyright @ 2024 PyCon India 
$$start$$Url: https://in.pycon.org/2024/bengaluru/
Info: Bengaluru Skip to main content About Our Team Mentors & Reviewers FAQ Health & Safety Child Care Scholarships Diversity & Inclusions Jobs Board Schedule Venue About Venue About Bengaluru Exhibitor Guide Program Program Guide Speakers Lightning Talks Open Spaces & BoFs Devsprint Sponsors CoC Code of Conduct policy Reporting Guide Blog Bengaluru Bengaluru is the capital and largest city of the southern Indian state of Karnataka. It is considered to be one of the fastest-growing global major metropolises. Getting to Bengaluru ¶ By Plane - Kempegowda International Airport Bengaluru If you're arriving by air, the Bengaluru International Airport serves as your gateway to Bengaluru. Various Indian airlines operate flights to this airport, including Air India, Air India Express, Indigo Airlines, Akasa Air, and SpiceJet. By Train – YPR Or KSR Bengaluru City Junction For those opting for train travel, Indian Railways offer services to Bengaluru from different parts of India. Major railway stations include Yeshwanthpur Junction YPR or KSR Bengaluru City Junction. KSR City Junction is a significant hub for trains to South and North India. For more comprehensive travel information and options, please refer to the Bengaluru Wiki Page. Accommodation ¶ Assistance for Attendees If you're attending the PyConIndia 2024 conference and looking for accommodation options nearby, here are some places to consider. Please note that PyCon India has no affiliations or contracts with any of the properties mentioned below, and attendees are advised to do their own due diligence before booking. Please check with the hotels either online or telephonically before booking, and check the reviews + ratings as per your preferences as well. There properties are merely suggestions, and do not exhaust the list of close stays near the venue. Hotel Name Distance to NIMHANS Average Rating   FabHotel CTC Gardenia Residency 3.8 Km 3.7 Itsy Hotels Palm Emirates 3.1 Km 3.7 Itsy Hotels Elmas Golden Key 4.9 Km 3.2 Treebo Akshaya Lalbagh Inn 2.8 Km 3.6 Hotel Nestelinn By Rivido 7 Km 3.6 OYO 4606 Hotel Maple Green Suites 5.8 Km 3.6 Places to must visit ¶ Lalbagh Botanical Garden Lalbagh is one of Bengaluru’s major attractions. A sprawling garden situated in a 240 acres piece of land in the heart of the city, Lalbagh houses India’s largest collection of tropical plants and sub-tropical plants, including trees that are several centuries old. Exhibits like the Snow White and the seven dwarfs, and a topiary park, an expansive lake, a beautiful glasshouse modelled around the Crystal Palace in London adorn the park giving it a surrealistic atmosphere. A watchtower perched on top of a 3000 million years old rocky outcrop  , built by Kempegowda, the founder of Bengaluru also adorns the picturesque garden. Bannerughatta Biological Park Bannerghatta Biological Park, also known as the Bannerghatta Zoo, is a zoological garden located in the city of Bengaluru. It was initially a small zoo and picnic corner within Bannerghatta National Park   which was started in 1974. The bifurcation of the Biological Park and the National Park took place in 2002. The Bannerghatta Biological Park covers a total area of 731.88 hectares and includes a zoo, safari park, butterfly park and rescue centre Commercial Street Commercial Street is a street in Bangalore, the state capital of Karnataka, India. One of the oldest and busiest shopping areas of the city, The street is famous for its trade in clothes, footwear, jewellery, electronics and food joints. Commercial Street lies in the heart of the city in the Central Business District area in Tasker Town, close to M G Road, another popular shopping area, and Russell Market in Shivajinagar. ISKCON Temple Bangalore Sri Radha Krishna-Chandra Temple   is one of the largest Krishna-Hindu temples in the world. ISKCON Vaikuntha Hill in Bangalore is the destination for a visit to Lord Venkateshwara’s abode. This stone temple is constructed as per traditional Shilpa shastras   in the Dravidian style of architecture. Bangalore Palace Bangalore Palace is a 19th century royal palace located in Bangalore, Karnataka, India, built in an area that was owned by the Rev. John Garrett, the first principal of the Central High School in Bangalore, now famous as Central College. The palace was commissioned for the Maharaja of Mysore, Chamarajendra Wadiyar X, and currently belongs to the current head of the Wadiyar dynasty, Yaduveer Krishnadatta Chamaraja Wadiyar. Places to eat   ¶ MTR- Mavalli Tiffin Rooms Mavalli Tiffin Rooms, known more popularly as MTR, was established in 1924 and is one of Bangalore's oldest and most well known restaurants serve traditional South Indian food. Lakeview Milk Bar Known for it's ice creams and cakes, this is a very old place located in the MG Road. Walking distance from MG Road metro station this place is open until late night around 1am. It's popular for its Faloodas and cake ice cream combos. You also do get snacks like sandwich, omelette etc. Thom's Bakery Best bakery in the city been there for last 75years. Rameshwaram Cafe One of the best venues in Bangalore to eat a typical South Indian breakfast. Crispy dosas, fluffy idlis, vadas, and uttapams are just a few delicacies. Meghana's Food Good place to enjoy some Andhra food. They are specialised in some very good Andhra biriyani which is a must try. Amintiri Amintiri, with its lovely Teal interiors and crockery, offers pasta, sandwiches, pancakes, French toasts, egg based dishes, coffee, tea, salad etc. The Hole in the Wall Where every visit feels like a secret getaway!!⭐️ Hole In The Wall Café, Koramangala gives an intimate vibe with rustic decor and soft lighting. Milano A wonderful ambience to chill out on a busy day. They offer a variety of delicious and mouth watering dishes be it icecream, pizza and a lot of dairy stuff. Contact us on BECOME A VOLUNTEER Copyright @ 2024 PyCon India 
$$start$$Url: https://in.pycon.org/2024/exhibitor-guide/
Info: PyCon India 2024 Exhibitor's Guide Skip to main content About Our Team Mentors & Reviewers FAQ Health & Safety Child Care Scholarships Diversity & Inclusions Jobs Board Schedule Venue About Venue About Bengaluru Exhibitor Guide Program Program Guide Speakers Lightning Talks Open Spaces & BoFs Devsprint Sponsors CoC Code of Conduct policy Reporting Guide Blog PyCon India 2024 Exhibitor's Guide Dates and Venue: ¶ Conference: 21st September   & 22nd September   2024 Official Website: https://in.pycon.org/2024 Venue: NIMHANS Convention Centre, Bengaluru Note: Exhibition is on conference day only. Table of Contents ¶ Event Information About Booth Services and Facilities Registration & Badge Information Rules & Regulations Schedule 1. Event Information ¶ Venue: NIMHANS Convention Centre, Bengaluru Important Dates for Exhibitors: Exhibitor Move-In: Friday, 20th September 2024: 09:00 AM to 06:00 PM Saturday, 21st September 2024: 7:00 AM to 06:00 PM Exhibition Timings: Saturday, 21st September: 09:00 AM to 06:00 PM Sunday, 22nd September: 09:00 AM to 06:00 PM Dismantling: Dismantling will start at 06:45 PM on Sunday, 22nd September and must be completed by 08:00 PM. Note: The organizers reserve the right to change the information available in this guide. Please visit https://in.pycon.org for updates. 2. About Booth ¶ Platinum Booth: Size: 5 x 2 meters Dimension: 5x2 mtrs 16W x 8H ft Centre panel for print, 6.2ft W x 8ft H What's Included: 1 table, 2 chairs, 2 spotlights 1 TV   1 power outlet Name displayed on top/center of the booth White backdrop Gold Booth: Size: 3 x 2 meters Dimension: 3x2 mtrs stall 10W x 8 ft H, side 6.2W x 8ft H What's Included: 1 table, 2 chairs, 2 spotlights 1 TV   1 power outlet Name displayed on top/center of the booth White backdrop Silver Booth: Size: 2 x 2 meters   Dimentions: 2x2mtrs stall 6.2 ft W x 8ft H all side What's Included: 1 table, 2 chairs, 2 spotlights 1 TV   1 power outlet Name displayed on top/center of the booth White backdrop Custom Booths and Backdrops: If you plan to have a custom booth or need any backdrop printing, please coordinate with the booth vendor in advance. All custom setup and printing should be completed before 19th September 2024. Important: If your kiosk includes interactive activities, maintain 3 feet of clearance from the aisle  to allow attendee congregation. Place all signage and displays within your booth space without obstructing neighboring booths or traffic flow. 3. Services and Facilities ¶ Facilities Available On-site: Photography/Videography: An official photographer/videographer will be available during the conference. Voluntary Security: Arrangements are made for general security by volunteers. Ensure that at least one team member is present at your booth at all times. Fire Precautions: Fire engines with firefighting equipment will be on standby. Smoking is not permitted inside the venue. Internet Browsing: Wi-Fi will be available at the venue, but be mindful about the usage as it's common network and will be used by others as well. Medical Facility: An ambulance and first-aid kit will be available on-site. Child Care: Child care services will be available for children aged 2 to 12 years. Note: Additional facilities beyond those listed may attract additional charges. 4. Registration & Badge Information ¶ Badges: Everyone attending PyCon India or working in the Expo Halls must wear the official badge at all times. Your sponsorship package determines the specific number of passes you receive. Badge Pickup Hours: Saturday, 21st September: 07:30 hrs to 9:00 hrs Sunday, 22nd September: 08:00 hrs to 9:00 hrs Hours are subject to change. 5. Rules & Regulations ¶ Booth Operations and Demonstrations: All activities and promotional materials must be confined within your booth space. No activities outside the booth area, including hallways. Avoid booth activities during keynote sessions. Maintain a professional presence in all demonstrations. Ensure noise levels are kept to a minimum to avoid disturbing others. Access Control: No outsiders without a conference pass are allowed inside the premises. Anyone without a valid ticket by the time of the opening address will be required to leave the premises.** Aisle Space: Do not place items such as extra monitors or tables outside the booth that may obstruct hallways. Housekeeping: Maintain your booth in a tidy condition at all times. Accessibility: Ensure your exhibits are accessible to all attendees. Safety: Standing on chairs, tables, or other rental furniture is not permitted. Alcohol: Alcohol is prohibited in booths at all times. Security: PyCon India provides perimeter security, but each exhibitor is responsible for their own booth security. Photography and Recording:: Obtain consent before taking pictures or recording videos of individuals or groups. Respect attendees' privacy and personal space. Final Note ¶ This guide is designed to help you plan for a successful exhibition at PyCon India 2024. For the latest version or any queries, please contact us at sponsorship AT in DOT pycon DOT org. Contact us on BECOME A VOLUNTEER Copyright @ 2024 PyCon India 
$$start$$Url: https://in.pycon.org/2024/speakers/
Info: PyCon India 2024 Speakers Skip to main content About Our Team Mentors & Reviewers FAQ Health & Safety Child Care Scholarships Diversity & Inclusions Jobs Board Schedule Venue About Venue About Bengaluru Exhibitor Guide Program Program Guide Speakers Lightning Talks Open Spaces & BoFs Devsprint Sponsors CoC Code of Conduct policy Reporting Guide Blog Speakers Preethi Srinivasan MS   from IIT Mandi DL Enthusiast Shruti Dhavalikar Data Science Enthusiast Translating Data into Business Insights Gagandeep Singh SWE II at Quansight Labs GSoC Fellow & Compiler Dev Ishan Koradia Software Engineer at Dalgo Passionate about Social Impact Devi A S L Fractional CxO at Tech4Dev Ex-Atlassian & Razorpay Tech for Social Impact Agriya Khetarpal Software Engineer at Quansight Packaging Scientific Python Libraries Anand S LLM Psychologist at Straive Calvin & Hobbes Fan Gautam Jajoo Researcher at Microsoft Research AI & Open Source Enthusiast Mahesh Mahadevan DevOps & Engineering Lead at Avoma Innovating in SaaS & Intelligence Sayan Pal Senior Software Engineer Backend & Data Platform Sasidhar Donaparthi Data Scientist 25+ years in IT & Python Enthusiast Mrinal Raj Python Developer at Cisco Expert in Automation & Hardware Simran Jain Software Engineer at Bloomberg Software Design Enthusiast Animesh Dutta Senior Software Engineer ML Frameworks & System Efficiency Kunal Bhattacharya Platforms Engineer at PepsiCo Open Source Contributor Nivetha V Network Automation Engineer at Adyen Tech Aficionado Saikumar Dandla AI Research Analyst/Engineer II at Amazon Ex-DRDO AI Researcher Siddharta Govindaraj Writer at Playful Python Author of "Test-Driven Python Development Akshit Tyagi Undergrad at JIIT Noida OSDC Open Source Contributor Jaidev Deshpande Data Scientist & ML Educator Tech @ Gramener Kavya Mohan Data Scientist, 5C Network AI for Medical Image Diagnostics Naveen K Principal Data Scientist, 5C Network AI in Healthcare Akhil Teja Machine Learning & Data Engineer Open Source Contributor Yashasvi Misra Data Engineer at AB InBev ML Expert & Diversity Advocate Bhavani Ravi Founder of TheLearningDev Independent Software Consultant Abhik Sarkar Head of ML at Cloudastructure Expert in Computer Vision & Optimization Vijay Kumar B Head of Engineering at Zilogic Co-organizer of Chennaipy Tapan Avasthi Seasoned Software Engineer Diagnostic Expert, Distributed Systems Milan Shet Sr. Tech Lead at Applied Materials Python, Image Processing & ML Expert Niloth Zulip Developer Pythonista BITSian Ashutosh Pednekar Software Architect Cloud Native Platform Specialist Chaitanya Chinni CTO of YNOS Venture Engine Co-Creator of StartupGPT FOSS Contributor Ramya Oruganti Principal Product Manager at Microsoft Specializes in Functions & Containers Abhijeet Kumar Director of Data Science at Fidelity Investments Expert in Advanced Analytics & ML Jithin Mohit Khandelwal Senior Software Engineer at Bitgo Python & JavaScript Specialist Sourav Saha Sr. Research Engineer at NEC Expert in HPC & Data Science Vivek Keshore Lead Python Developer at SenecaGlobal Enjoys Sharing Knowledge Anuj Menta Staff Software Engineer Loves the 0 to 1 of Building Products Pradeek J Chief Technology Officer, HappyFox Shoaib Ahmed Senior Software Engineer Harikrishnan Subramanian Senior Software Engineer Nadheesh Jihan Technical Lead, WSO2 Aakash Kaushik Software Engineer 3 Priya Sridharan Software Engineer 2 Siva Gudibandi Regional Sales Manager Contact us on BECOME A VOLUNTEER Copyright @ 2024 PyCon India 
$$start$$Url: https://in.pycon.org/2024/lightning-talks/
Info: Lightning Talks Skip to main content About Our Team Mentors & Reviewers FAQ Health & Safety Child Care Scholarships Diversity & Inclusions Jobs Board Schedule Venue About Venue About Bengaluru Exhibitor Guide Program Program Guide Speakers Lightning Talks Open Spaces & BoFs Devsprint Sponsors CoC Code of Conduct policy Reporting Guide Blog Lightning Talks What's a Lightning Talk? ¶ Lightning talks are short presentations, limited to 5 minutes, on any topic that might interest the Python community. It doesn't have to be something you've created, feel free to share something you've learned or a technique you think others will find useful. Is there something at work that everyone asks for your help with? Talk about that! Did you recently learn something that made a difference for you? Talk about that! Is there a topic you've always wanted to understand better? Talk about that! Slides are optional but encouraged! Things people say when they think they can't do a lightning talk ¶ "Everyone already knows THING_X" No, they don't. They believe they are knowledgeable, but you possess a deeper comprehension of the subject matter. They will gain valuable insights through this interaction. Even if they do, it's interesting to hear someone else's take on it. "I’m not an expert at anything" You know more than you think you do. You don't have to be an expert, you just have to be interested enough to talk for 5 minutes. You can do a 1-minute lightning talk if you want. "It's scary talking in front of people" Yes, but you will feel really accomplished when you've done it. Folks at PyCon are super-friendly and are always welcoming of new speakers. It is understandable that public speaking can induce nervousness in individuals, including those who may appear confident. You can give a lightning talk without talking! "I have an idea but it's no good" It's a better idea than you think. Are there really any bad ideas for lightning talks? :) Lightning Talks at PyCon India 2024 ¶ Please refer to the schedule for Lightning Talk slots. Registration will open on the day of the conference, and we will share a Google Form for submitting Lightning Talk proposals. Slots will be assigned on a first-come, first-served basis due to limited availability. You will be notified if your talk is selected. This has been inspired by: PyCon US 2024 - Lightning Talks Contact us on BECOME A VOLUNTEER Copyright @ 2024 PyCon India 
$$start$$Url: https://in.pycon.org/2024/open-spaces/
Info: Open Spaces Skip to main content About Our Team Mentors & Reviewers FAQ Health & Safety Child Care Scholarships Diversity & Inclusions Jobs Board Schedule Venue About Venue About Bengaluru Exhibitor Guide Program Program Guide Speakers Lightning Talks Open Spaces & BoFs Devsprint Sponsors CoC Code of Conduct policy Reporting Guide Blog Open Spaces Open Spaces are self-organizing meetup-like events which happen in parallel with the main conference, held in dedicated rooms on Level 1 of the Venue on the Conference Day 1  . While most of the conference is planned well in advance, Open Spaces are created "just in time" by PyCon attendees during the conference. They provide a way for you to self-gather, self-define, and self-organize any way you like. How do I participate in an Open Space? ¶ It's pretty easy: Just show up :) During PyCon, there will be an Open Spaces board in dedicated rooms on Level 1 of the venue, maintained by a facilitator from the organizing committee. The board act as a time table for all the Open Spaces, so you know where and when to go for the Open Spaces you're interested in. If a topic is not listed yet, find an open time slot and describe it to the facilitator!! The speaker/host can decide the way he/she uses that space and time. Furthermore, the activities/talks at Open Spaces are not officially recorded in any ways, thus any topics that are more critical compared to the regular conference talks are welcomed. Ideas for Open Spaces ¶ Since the PyCon attendees are a diverse bunch, the Open Spaces are too. They can be some discussions about plenty of the usual suspects of technical subjects, from computer security to your favorite Python project to professional occupations like DevOps. Here are a few ideas for potential Open Space topics and activities: Hacking/networking/devops How to contribute to open source - a help / mentoring group for beginners Framework specific Open Spaces, for example, Django or Flask Data visualization/science Natural language processing and generation   Quantified Self Hacker space   that use Python A space for organizers - of conferences, workshops, diversity initiatives   Support - how to avoid burnout Recruitment workshops If there's a certain Open Space you'd love to see at PyCon but you don't want to host it yourself, please suggest it on our list and maybe someone else will take up the topic and host an Open Space about it. Role of the Facilitator ¶ A facilitator would be available to make sure PyCon attendees have everything they need to do self organize and also ensure the open spaces happen in an orderly fashion. When there is more than one idea, competing for the same time slot, facilitator will resolve the same via voting/or any other means he deems fit. The facilitator is responsible for maintaining the schedule for Open Spaces and also updating the rest of the attendees on twitter with hashtag - #OpenSpaces #PyConIndia2024 and also on google docs at Openspaces Schedule Planned Open Spaces ¶ If you have an idea for an Open Space, and a day and time when you want to meet/host, please email us at contact@in.pycon.org and we will try to accommodate by including them on schedule. Contact us on BECOME A VOLUNTEER Copyright @ 2024 PyCon India 
$$start$$Url: https://in.pycon.org/2024/devsprint/
Info: DevSprint Skip to main content About Our Team Mentors & Reviewers FAQ Health & Safety Child Care Scholarships Diversity & Inclusions Jobs Board Schedule Venue About Venue About Bengaluru Exhibitor Guide Program Program Guide Speakers Lightning Talks Open Spaces & BoFs Devsprint Sponsors CoC Code of Conduct policy Reporting Guide Blog DevSprint PyCon India is a place for developers from across the country   to get together and celebrate Python. But what good is a PyCon without getting your hands dirty writing some code? Hence, for all Open Source enthusiasts out there, the PyCon India team is happy to announce DevSprints @ PyCon India 2024. What is a DevSprint? ¶ During DevSprints, mentors/contributors of OSS projects guide participants through the end-to-end process of OSS contribution, right from setting up build environments, to developing and testing code, to submitting patches for bugs. If you are stuck, mentors are all available to help you figure out issues and get you back up and running! From past experiences, we’ve seen a lot of people start off contributing to OSS through DevSprints and later go on to become regular contributors to various projects across the web. When and Where? ¶ DevSprints for this edition of PyCon India will be conducted at Google Office, Bengaluru, on September 23rd, 2024 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Venue: Google Bangalore—Kyoto Campus Bagmane Capital Park, Kyoto West Tower, Dodanakundi Circle, Outer Ring Road, Marathahalli Post, Karnataka 560048, India Location: https://maps.app.goo.gl/G3Trcx3yGJN3he488 How to Participate? ¶ Interested participants can fill up this form: https://forms.gle/LSZeuHfxkfqh2TNx8 Submit a Project ¶ If you are a contributor or have been involved in the maintenance of any Open Source project, please come forward and add your project. This project can be any interesting Open source project which is based on Python. Ideally, you should have a history with the project through previous code commits. Your responsibility will be to help your team set up their development environment, list out beginner-friendly bugs, and guide them on any problems they face during the event. A list of submitted devsprint proposal can be seen here: https://in.pycon.org/cfp/devsprint-2024/proposals/. How to add a Project? ¶ You can propose the project using CFP platform - Junction. Contact us on BECOME A VOLUNTEER Copyright @ 2024 PyCon India 
$$start$$Url: https://in.pycon.org/2024/code-of-conduct/
Info: Code Of Conduct Skip to main content About Our Team Mentors & Reviewers FAQ Health & Safety Child Care Scholarships Diversity & Inclusions Jobs Board Schedule Venue About Venue About Bengaluru Exhibitor Guide Program Program Guide Speakers Lightning Talks Open Spaces & BoFs Devsprint Sponsors CoC Code of Conduct policy Reporting Guide Blog Code Of Conduct Check out our Code of Conduct   Transparency Report here for insights into how we uphold community standards at PyCon India. Transparency and accountability are central to maintaining a positive environment. Your feedback is invaluable in our continuous improvement efforts. The Short Form ¶ We invite you to come to PyCon India 2024 in a spirit of curiosity, friendliness, open-mindedness, and respect. We will not tolerate harassment in any form. At the PyCon India venue and related online forums, you agree to: Be kind and sensitive to the people around you and respect the boundaries of other attendees. Attempt to resolve differences of opinion peacefully. Avoid harassment, exclusionary or offensive behaviour of any kind. This includes but is not limited to offensive verbal comments related to gender, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, religion, sexual images in public spaces, deliberate intimidation, stalking, following, harassing photography or recording, sustained disruption of talks or other events, inappropriate physical contact, and unwelcome sexual attention. Violations can be reported online by sending a mail to coc@in.pycon.org, or to PyCon India volunteers at the venue. If a participant engages in behaviour that violates this Code of Conduct, the Code of Conduct team may take any action they deem appropriate, including warning the offender or expulsion from the community and community events with no refund of event tickets. Please read on for a more detailed version of the Code of Conduct below. The Long Form ¶ Aim ¶ PyCon India is a community organised conference intended for advocating the use and adoption of the Python programming language in India. It is also a platform for fostering networking and collaboration among the Python developer community in India. We believe in the broad spectrum of individual and collective experience and in the inherent dignity of all people. We believe that amazing things happen when people from different worlds and world-views approach each other to create a conversation. PyCon India 2024 welcomes everyone and is dedicated to providing a harassment-free conference experience for everyone, regardless of age, gender, sexual orientation, physical appearance, disability, neurotype, race, religion, political opinion, culture or employment. We don’t tolerate harassment of attendees in any form. Where ¶ This Code of Conduct applies to the venue of PyCon India 2024 Conference, pre-event & post-event informal gatherings, related online forums and all conference related events organised by PyCon India. Who ¶ This is applicable to speakers, participants, sponsors, volunteers and organisers. Be The Best You Can Be ¶ Be kind, sensitive, understanding and respectful to other attendees. Listen with empathy when someone has a different perspective. Talk to the volunteers if you see something inappropriate or feel something is wrong. All communication should be appropriate for a professional audience, including people from many different backgrounds. Do not insult or put down attendees or engage in any action that violates the open, welcoming and sharing spirit of the conference. Please Refrain From ¶ Offensive verbal comments related to gender, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, religion. Violent threats or language directed against another person. Swearing, insults or discriminatory/exclusionary/offensive jokes or language. Deliberate intimidation, stalking, following, harassing photography or recording. Sustained disruption of talks or other events. Using sexually explicit or violent material in presentations. Sexual language or imagery is inappropriate for all aspects of the conference, including talks and exhibits. Unwelcome sexual attention or inappropriate physical contact. Advocating for, or encouraging, any of the above behaviour. Repeated harassment of others. In general, if someone asks you to stop, then stop. Wearing sexualized clothing, uniforms, or costumes, or creating a sexualized environment. Demeaning others or failing to maintain a polite and respectful tone when interacting with attendees. We have zero tolerance on harassment of conference participants in any form, including, but not limited to the activities mentioned here. Participants asked to stop any harassing behaviour are expected to comply immediately. Reporting ¶ If you are being harassed or notice that someone else is being harassed, or have any other concerns, please reach out to us at coc@in.pycon.org before, during or after the conference. Feel free to contact a conference volunteer to find the Code of Conduct committee or directly reach out to the Code of Conduct committee and they will take your report and do the needful action. Volunteers will be wearing Volunteer badges and CoC committee will be wearing a special colour shirt to be able to easily identify them. Please be assured that any report/incident you shared with us will be highly confidential and will not leave outside the bounds of CoC committee members. Contact any of the following committee members. The Helpdesk can assist you in finding them at the venue For more information on how to report incidents and what to include in your report, please visit our Reporting Guide. It provides clear instructions on the reporting process and the steps we take to address reported incidents. We take every report seriously and are committed to creating a safe and welcoming environment for all attendees. Your cooperation helps us ensure a positive experience for everyone at PyCon India. Thank you for being proactive in maintaining the integrity of our community. License ¶ This Code of Conduct is derived from The Django Code of Conduct by the Django Software Foundation which is under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported License The PSF Code of Conduct by Python Software Foundation which is under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported License PyCon India Conference Code of Conduct is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported License. Contact us on BECOME A VOLUNTEER Copyright @ 2024 PyCon India 
$$start$$Url: https://in.pycon.org/2024/reporting-guide/
Info: Reporting Guide Skip to main content About Our Team Mentors & Reviewers FAQ Health & Safety Child Care Scholarships Diversity & Inclusions Jobs Board Schedule Venue About Venue About Bengaluru Exhibitor Guide Program Program Guide Speakers Lightning Talks Open Spaces & BoFs Devsprint Sponsors CoC Code of Conduct policy Reporting Guide Blog Reporting Guide Reporting Process ¶ If you experience any harassment, or unfair treatment, or witness any behavior you believe violates the PyCon India Code Of Conduct, we encourage you to report it as soon as possible. Reports can be made through the following channels: Code of Conduct   Workgroup Area: You can directly approach the CoC workgroup area with any concerns you may have. If you are unable to locate the CoC workgroup area, please ask one of our volunteers wearing Volunteer badges for assistance. They will gladly direct you to the CoC Workgroup area. Email: You can send an email to coc@in.pycon.org to submit your report electronically. In-person: If you prefer to discuss the matter in-person, please notify any member of the PyCon India organizing team or the Code Of Conduct Committee. Contact any of the following committee members. The Helpdesk can assist you in finding them at the venue: Sayan Chowdhury   911 AT yudocaa DOT in Samarpita Saha samarpita27saha AT gmail DOT com Shabnam shabnam DOT innovates AT gmail DOT com Shilpi Biswas shilpi AT yudocaa DOT in Abhishek Mishra abhi DOT mishra922 AT gmail DOT com Chandan Kumar raukadah AT gmail DOT com Koti Vellanki vellankikoti AT gamil DOT com Rayan Das raydeeam AT gmail DOT com Information to Include in Your Report ¶ When filing a report, please provide as much relevant information as possible. The following details are essential to help us understand and address the situation: Your contact information: So we can get in touch with you if additional information is needed during the investigation. Names and details of involved parties: Include the names   of all individuals involved in the incident, including any witnesses. Date, time, and location of the incident: Be as specific as possible about when and where the incident occurred. Description of the incident: Provide a detailed account of what happened, including any offensive language or actions involved. Evidence, if available: If there is any publicly available evidence  , please include them in your report. Additional context: Share any context you believe might be relevant to the incident. Is the incident ongoing?: Let us know if the incident is ongoing or if there is an immediate threat to someone's safety. Confidentiality ¶ All reports will be treated with strict confidentiality. We understand the sensitive nature of such matters and will protect the privacy of all parties involved to the best of our ability. In some cases, we may need to make a public statement, but the identities of victims and reporters will remain confidential unless instructed otherwise. Reporting Concerns about Volunteers or Organizers ¶ If your report concerns a possible violation by a volunteer or organizer, you can make your report directly to the Chair of the Code Of Conduct Committee, whose contact information will be made available during the conference.The current Code Of Conduct Chair is Sayan Chowdhury, and you can reach out via email at 911 AT yudocaa DOT in Response and Resolution ¶ Once a report is received, the Code Of Conduct Committee will promptly initiate an investigation. The Code of Conduct Working Group will review the incident, consider all the information provided, and determine the appropriate response. Possible responses may include but are not limited to: No violation found: If the incident does not violate the Code Of Conduct. Private reprimand: A private warning to the individual  involved. Public reprimand: A public statement addressing the violation. Expulsion: Removal from the conference without a refund. Ban from PyCon India spaces: Temporary or permanent restrictions on access to mailing lists, IRC, etc. Request for an apology: Asking the responsible party to issue an apology to the affected individuals or the community. Timeline ¶ We aim to respond to the reporter within one week of receiving the report with either a resolution or an explanation of the ongoing investigation. Retaliation ¶ PyCon India strictly prohibits any form of retaliation against individuals who report incidents in good faith. We are committed to creating a safe environment for everyone, and retaliation will not be tolerated. License ¶ This Reporting Guide for PyCon India 2024 is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported License. Thank you for helping us maintain a respectful and inclusive atmosphere at PyCon India 2024. By reporting incidents, you contribute to the collective effort to make our conference a safe and welcoming experience for all attendees. This guide has been inspired by: PyCon US 2024 - Procedures for Reporting Incidents Django Code of Conduct - Reporting Guide Contact us on BECOME A VOLUNTEER Copyright @ 2024 PyCon India 
$$start$$Url: https://in.pycon.org/blog/
Info: PyCon India 2024, Bangaluru Home Schedule Code of Conduct Blog FAQ Our Blogs Conversations That Matter: Discussing Ethics in AI and Stories of Empowering Leadership at PyCon India 2024 Join us for two impactful panel discussions at PyCon India 2024, where we'll explore the ethical dilemmas of AI and the transformative power of inclusive leadership. September 18, 2024 Praveen Patil, Koti Velanki Announcing NPCI as Gold Sponsor for PyCon India 2024 Announcing our Gold Sponsor for PyCon India 2024 - NPCI September 16, 2024 PyCon India Content Team Announcing our next Silver Sponsor - D. E. Shaw India We are excited to announce D. E. Shaw India as our next Silver Sponsor for PyCon India 2024. September 15, 2024 PyCon India Content Team Announcing Lyzr.ai as Gold Sponsor for PyCon India 2024 Announcing our Gold Sponsor for PyCon India 2024 - Lyzr.ai September 10, 2024 PyCon India Content Team Announcing Red Hat as our next Associate Sponsor We are so excited to announce Red Hat as our next Associate sponsor! September 10, 2024 PyCon India Content Team Finally our final Keynote Speaker for PyCon India 2024 - Mars Lee! We are excited to announce Mars Lee as a Keynote Speaker for PyCon India 2024! September 05, 2024 PyCon India Content Team Announcing Reckonsys Tech Labs as our next Associate Sponsor We are so excited to announce Reckonsys Tech Labs as our next Associate sponsor! September 05, 2024 PyCon India Content Team Announcing Python Software Foundation as our next Gold Sponsor We are so excited to announce Python Software Foundation as our next Gold sponsor! September 04, 2024 PyCon India Content Team Announcing ManageEngine Site24x7 as our next Gold Sponsor We are so excited to announce ManageEngine Site24x7 as our next Gold sponsor! September 03, 2024 PyCon India Content Team Announcing FireDucks as our next Silver Sponsor We are so excited to announce FireDucks as our next Silver sponsor! September 02, 2024 PyCon India Content Team Page 1 / 26 Contact us on Design By Copyrights @ 2024 Pycon India 
